Where do you live?
Are you a foreign language teacher?
What level do you teach?
Which foreign languages do you teach? (Select all that apply)
How old are you?
How long have you been teaching a foreign language?
What is your level of familiarity with GenAI?
What chatbots have you tried?Other ____
Which chatbot do you use most frequently?
Which chatbot do you use most frequently?Other ____
Do you have paid access to a chatbot?
How accessible do you find generative AI tools like ChatGPT in your teaching context?
On what type of device do you access a chatbot? (Choose all that apply)
I understand the basic concepts of GenAI.
I am aware of the potential biases in GenAI technologies.
I understand the limitations of GenAI technology.
I am knowledgeable about the data privacy issues related to using GenAI.
I understand how GenAI can provide adaptive feedback to language learners.
I understand how GenAI can be used to personalize language learning experiences.
I understand how GenAI can be used to  support diverse learning needs.
I understand ethical concerns related to the use of GenAI.
Do you ever use GenAI tools for your work in language teaching?
How often do you use GenAI tools for language instruction in general?
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Develop lesson plans
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Create assessments
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Create rubrics
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Generate written texts in the target language
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Generate spoken texts in the target language
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Modify texts for different proficiency levels
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Create study guides for students
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Develop grammar explanations
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Create vocabulary lists
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Research cultural content
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Personalize activities to students’ interests
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Provide feedback on student work
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Create model responses
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Create worksheets
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Translation
To what extent have you used GenAI tools to Other?
How have you learned about generative AI  and its possible uses in teaching and learning? (check all that apply)
How have you learned about generative AI  and its possible uses in teaching and learning? (Other)
Have you received any professional development related to the use of GenAI for your work?
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Create assessments
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Create rubrics
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Generate written texts in the target language
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Generate spoken texts in the target language
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Modify texts for different proficiency levels
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Create study guides for students
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Develop grammar explanations
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Create vocabulary lists
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Research cultural content
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Personalize activities to students’ interests
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Provide feedback on student work
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Create model responses
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Create worksheets
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Translation
To what extent have you received professional development on GenAI to Ethical considerations
For what types of tasks do you not use GenAI but would like to?
What benefits do you perceive in using generative AI tools for language instruction?
What worries do you have about the use of GenAI in language instruction?
What challenges or barriers do you encounter when trying to integrate generative AI tools like ChatGPT into your teaching?
Would you like Professional Development related to AI in language teaching? If so, what kind would you most like to receive? 
